---
layout: post
title:  "my dear iyo,"
date:   2025-08-15 16:47:38 -0500
categories: [reflections]
hidden: true
permalink: /letters-for-iyo/
---

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/1vzxlhQ3dujloZsqeO3Wei?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
*play this song for vibes <3; this could be our song.*

--

_quindici agosto mmxxv_
<br>
_venerdi_

I don’t have many things to say, so I’m keeping this letter brief. We’re not yet a week into this relationship, but I am so happy we decided to continue this rare connection we established in the past 4 weeks. In such a short amount of time, you showed me a type of love that I’ve never seen before, which what makes it more intriguing. I want to explore that love and this connection with you more. 

You feel right too, by the way. With you, I am inspired to be a better person. With this distance, I am more pumped than ever to be in a relationship with you. To make it work, to grow from our flaws, and to put these words I just uttered into action. With you, I act not because I’m scared to lose you; I act because I actually want to be with you—a choice I will never regret no matter what happens.

I am excited in how our new normal is going to unfold. I promise to be honest, communicative, thoughtful, loyal, loving, patient, and caring. I promise to be **IN THIS RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU**. As you said, it’s us against the problems. And we’ll take it one day at a time.

Distance is probably one of the hardest test to couples, but Iyo, I am invested in acing this test with you. And you know me, once I put it in my mind and heart, I’m gonna fight like hell to get it.

Speaking of action, I made this [Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1GKZpO-u1gMjgKeYr8eh23U7XM1dNbXvI?usp=drive_link) for us to at least plan out stuff and keep the connection intimate despite the distance. Feel free to add, remove, and edit.

Most affectionately,
<br>
Your one and only Kin ❤️

_p.s. don't mind the comment box below. this is for my other blog entries._

---
<br>

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/48CiA3IjkNZiyl6S6UbPCy?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

_trentuno agosto mmxxv_
<br>
_sabato_

I finally said the magic words: **I love you, Iyo!**

Bigat din ng na-lift na weight sa chest ko. I've been wanting to say it ever since we made it official. There has been a growing fear na you won't say it back. But I finally took courage. I am currently trying to exist with the discomfort of not hearing it back explicitly and instead focusing on your actions of love for the past weeks. 

Tbh, maybe a part of the reason why I said I love you is because of the jealousy building up in our conversation. So I wanted to write this and actually be 100% intentional of my words. I love you ever since my love for you has started creeping in. It's only going to grow from here, and I want you to know that my I love you's from now on will hold gradually heavier weight, heavy enough for you to hold everywhere you go.

Please don't ever think that difficulties will easily make me give up. I don't want you suggesting things like that, saying I can end it na kapag hindi na kaya. I've been through a lot of challenges in my life, and I attribute my success to how persistent and gritty I am in making things work. You should know this as I am an engineer by training. 

You've been consistent in making me feel loved and worthy enough to be in a long-distance relationship. Now it's my turn to return those to you and be consistent in my words. **I'll be with you in the long run!** Even when it's hard, I still am so much willing to make it work because you are my boyfriend, and I love you so much! You are making me grow in so many ways and are shaping me into a better person.

Labis na nagmamahal,
<br>
Kin ☀️